brothers and sisters food busker crock
come ashore and for those of you that
don't speak French like more that's a
pot ham and cheese toastie but rather
than go and will want Peter ham we're
going to double it up with - that's a
double hammy
oh come on yeah yeah oh sorry sorry
sorry 400 mils of white bechamel sauce
in there and today I'm going to add an
egg yolk
now the reason that you add an egg is
that it's just going to help with the
color when you brown it in the pan it
also helps to sort of thicken up the
bechamel a bit more now I'm going to add
100 grams of Gruyere cheese and we're
just gonna grate that in okay salty
pepper
just incorporate those right I know it's
just add a little grate of nutmeg I'm
telling you I love Broadway Market cuz
they play that best Jones could just
dance and cook right let's grate the
Nutmeg nutmeg in the area you just mix
that in boom done okay so now let's get
the bread ready
right little bit of oil we're just going
to drizzle the tops
pan on now let's toast them
haha and now we've toasted those let's
flip them and get some bechamel on there
now let's get some honey roasted ham on
then a little greater cheese
then more back
not a palma ham
so last bit of bash
and then the final bit is a little bit
of bechamel on the top now before we
drop it in I'm gonna put a little piece
of greaseproof in there that's going to
stop it from burning but it's going to
allow it to Brown nice little tip right
let's get them in
right we just want to cook them until
all that beautiful bechamel starts
browning it's about two to three minutes
look out flipping delicious they are
Locker um who's gonna be able to resist
that little bad boy I reckon for one of
those it's four quid right it's heading
to the street and find out what people
pay up up up up up up a room my brother
James from the swine the best bacon
sarnies sandwich shop in London gave us
a bacon sign of its money - let's take
me propecia and see what he thinks
come on James my brother how are you -
very well we've got a croque monsieur
for you step up brother
step in good luck we have how much would
you pay for a whole Sahni oh come on
but had an egg a croque madame and then
we're talking five six pounder okay
brother
very nice see you later thanks mate
right brothers and sisters it's rockin
down here Broadway Market you've got to
come down oh look I've seen another one
right come on you two come on I saw you
this is John for Broadway Market and
Jenn dumbest about pop Monsieur come on
get in there big bite nothing to choose
down here are the best right right okay
so what you're saying delish
you need more come here my love now
Johnny boy what you saying good drive
the rest of it easy easy how much would
you pay for a full one barber
yeah yeah that's left now if you were
paying for this for a whole one
what would you oh sorry sorry sorry
so do payroll one how much five and
fifty get out of me
we booked kiss back love it